README.md, before:

<h1>Harrison Morgan-Adams</h1>
One or two paragraphs providing an overview of your project.

Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.

UX
I started my process by looking at other memory games that I have used as well as mobile apps the way that they work. 
I found that the websites incorporate bright colours, fun text and typography. This is something i wanted to impliment into my designs. 
I started my designs by drawing the basics that I wanted to put on the website. The main thing is I wanted the input box for names and 9 equal sized boxes spread evenely accross the webiste. These boxes will change size and move depending on the size of the user device. 
This website is designed for people who just want to pass time, test their skills and memory, I hope that it would also remind the user of a time that they used to play the game 'Simon' when they were younger, only this time it would be more introcate and a bit harder. 

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:

As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.
This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

Features
In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

Existing Features
Feature 1 - Allows the user to enter their name for a more personalised experience when navigating the web-page
...
For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

Features Left to Implement -
Another feature idea - Another feature idea would be to enter a high score box at the end to show some of the high scores that have been achieved when users are on the website, 
Another feature that i would like to impliment is sound into this game. Every button would make a different noise to add more to the user experience. 

Technologies Used
I have used Bootstrap 4 to help me with the CSS making things more userfriendly and mobile friendly. 
In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
Testing
Upon first test of the application 

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

Contact form:
Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

Deployment
This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

Credits
Content
The text for section Y was copied from the Wikipedia article Z
Media
The photos used in this site were obtained from ...
Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from X

Commit message:

fixed errors with code that was causing the boxes to float around to page. added in js to trigger boxes to flash red. Ready for testing on sequences.

README.md, after:

<h1>Harrison Morgan-Adams</h1>

<h2>Randomzing Memory Game<h2>

I started my process by looking at other memory games that I have used as well as mobile apps the way that they work. 
I found that the websites incorporate bright colours, fun text and typography. This is something i wanted to impliment into my designs. 
I started my designs by drawing the basics that I wanted to put on the website. The main thing is I wanted the input box for names and 9 equal sized boxes spread evenely accross the webiste. These boxes will change size and move depending on the size of the user device. 
This website is designed for people who just want to pass time, test their skills and memory, I hope that it would also remind the user of a time that they used to play the game 'Simon' when they were younger, only this time it would be more introcate and a bit harder. 

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:

As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.
This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

Features
In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

Existing Features
Feature 1 - Allows the user to enter their name for a more personalised experience when navigating the web-page
...
For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

Features Left to Implement -
Another feature idea - Another feature idea would be to enter a high score box at the end to show some of the high scores that have been achieved when users are on the website, 
Another feature that i would like to impliment is sound into this game. Every button would make a different noise to add more to the user experience. 

Technologies Used
I have used Bootstrap 4 to help me with the CSS making things more userfriendly and mobile friendly. 
In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
Testing
Upon first test of the application 

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

Contact form:
Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

Deployment
This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

To create the modal that popped up to explain how to play the game I used the following link; https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/w3css_modal.asp.
